so the priorities for picking housing? Uh, that's simple There. Um, you
know, you're married. You have kids. Then, uh, have your spouse Happy
life. Uh, he's always been a good catch Thio little pot and then
as faras kids getting school districts. But frankly, there you can
find those on the internet. Realtor dot com, for one will tell you what
the best school district's are. And then you just do a circle search
out from there and figure out what works for your budget. What
looks safe? You know, rosa dot com You can plug in all kinds of parameters
to drive shopping, lifestyle, coffee houses, et cetera, et cetera,
and they'll show up on the back. And I'll tell you, you know,
yeah, this region that house cheap because high high crime area I want
to pass on that one because you want to know that your family's safe
while you're down. If you happen to get assigned overseas, Uh, specifically
there of the danger and Bruce on anyone in the med or over
one that is an exception, it flee. Uh, you might have a choice to
live on the base, I would say base housing safe. Okay? You don't have
to worry. If you got a new family, you've got a young young Children
base out. It just takes that strain a way of not knowing. Are they
sick? Well, yeah, You're gonna be safe on base housing, okay?